Luckfox-Lyra/README.md, before:

# PicoCalc Lyra Linux

Putting a Luckfox Lyra in a PicoCalc and installing PicoCalc Lyra Linux (PCL Linux) is one of the more interesting and flexible modifications you can make to a PicoCalc. Using this tinu Linux environment, lets you do pretty much everything you would want to do with the PicoCalc, without having to flash the device.

With these pages, my goal is to help other people extend the usefulness of PCL Linux, because lets face it, the basic install is fairly limited. If all you want to do is play some retro games and program in Python, it is probably fine. However if you want to do other things, a bit of work needs to be done.

---
**Command Launcher Jailbreak:**

Configure PCL Linux to boot into a proper linux user account and command line.

---
**Known Working Programs:**

This is a list of programs that I have successfully installed along with instructions for building and installing them.

---
**Lyra Cross Compiler:**

This is a guide to setting up and using the cross compiler enviroment on your desktop Linux machine.

---
**Pi Zero Build Env:**

A Raspberry Pi Zero can be setup and used to build programs for PCL Linux, the advantage to this is the Raspberry Pi OS a much better toolchain and a wider array of development libraries.

---
Please check out my Ebook and RSS Feed readers, written specifically for PicoCalc's with the Lyra boards in mind.

https://github.com/cjstoddard/PCL-Ebook-Reader

Commit message:

modified:   Luckfox-Lyra/Ebook-Reader (modified content)

Luckfox-Lyra/README.md, after:

# PicoCalc Lyra Linux

Putting a Luckfox Lyra in a PicoCalc and installing PicoCalc Lyra Linux (PCL Linux) is one of the more interesting and flexible modifications you can make to a PicoCalc. Using this tinu Linux environment, lets you do pretty much everything you would want to do with the PicoCalc, without having to flash the device.

With these pages, my goal is to help other people extend the usefulness of PCL Linux, because lets face it, the basic install is fairly limited. If all you want to do is play some retro games and program in Python, it is probably fine. However if you want to do other things, a bit of work needs to be done.

---
**Command Launcher Jailbreak:**

Configure PCL Linux to boot into a proper linux user account and command line.

---
**Known Working Programs:**

This is a list of programs that I have successfully installed along with instructions for building and installing them.

---
**Lyra Cross Compiler:**

This is a guide to setting up and using the cross compiler enviroment on your desktop Linux machine.

---
**Pi Zero Build Env:**

A Raspberry Pi Zero can be setup and used to build programs for PCL Linux, the advantage to this is the Raspberry Pi OS a much better toolchain and a wider array of development libraries.

---
**Ebook Reader:**

This is an epub ebook reader and an RSS Feed reader I wrote specifically for the PCL Linux, targeting the 320x320 screen. 

---
