# Adventure Games for PicoMite Basic (MMBasic)

In 1983 Ballantine Books published [Creating Adventure Games on Your Computer](https://colorcomputerarchive.com/repo/Documents/Books/Creating%20Adventure%20Games%20on%20Your%20Computer%20(Tim%20Hartnell).pdf) by [Tim Harnell](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tim_Hartnell). This was one of my favorite books during the 80's, after I had gotten out of school and could buy my own computer. I typed in every one of these games in this book on my Macintosh 128 using MacBasic. I also modified them several times through that time period to give me and my friends new challenges. Unfortunately I do not have any of that old code left, very little of the work I did on that Macintosh survived the 90's.

Fortunately, these programs are availble in their original form on the internet. I have spent the last few weeks rewriting these programs with modern programing practices and sensibilities. My goal here was to recreate these programs in such a way as they operate in much the same way as the originals. These programs should work, but I am still working on them, so they may not be completely free of errors yet, if you find a problem please open an issue on it, so I can get it corrected. These programs should also work just fine on the other MMBasic variants.

The reason I supplied a link to the PDF of the book above, is because figuring out how to actually play the games can be a bit rough without any instructions. I did try to add some comments to help out, but I probably missed stuff. The chapter on each game explains how to move around and such. At some point I may add help screens to the programs, but for now I would rather they play as they did in 1983, even if the code is different.

Disclaimer: This software is provided "AS IS", without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to warranties of merchantability, fitness for a paticular purpose and nonifringment. In no event shall the author or copyright holders be liable for any claim, damages or other liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or otherwise, arising from, out of or in connection with the software or the use or other dealings in the software.
